How come?
So far.
Mom, I'm so sorry.
I apologize to you.
You don't have to call me.
I'm not your mother either.
Start today.
I'll get a lawyer right away
To walk you through the divorce process
I will definitely not agree with you being together.
Mom, you have something to say
You can always be a few minutes late because of your aunt
Just be unreasonable
What's so funny?
I'm the one who hates not getting lost the most
And have you forgotten how your father died?
It was because the ambulance was ten minutes late
Just came on right away
Insurance?
Why don't you send Auntie back first?
I'll calm my mom down first
Silently for the fact that my mother didn't arrive on time
I apologize to you for him.
But if you are because of this
If you want me to divorce Fu Siyi
That's impossible.
For marriage
We have our own ideas.
They're not three-year-olds anymore.
Then let's go back first. Let's go.
Mom won't let the driver take you back
I'll let you get a divorce.
Did you turn a deaf ear to my words?
I want to say that a woman like you
100 times better than him
I can transfer a thousand for you to jump slowly.
I don't need it.
Anyway, you have to go on a blind date with me tomorrow
You don't even listen to me
Why am I still alive?
Put the knife down and I promise you